After you get the evidence that grandpa left behind
Everything will come to light
OK, I see.
I'm going to get the certificate now
I will definitely find out this and Tianba
Hello Miss Duan
What happened to Dr. Ye?
My brother suddenly got a strange disease
I also asked Dr. Ye to come and treat it. Is it serious?
It's very serious.
They're unconscious now.
All right. I'll be right there.
Take the evidence, wait a minute
Are you deceiving me?
You were just about to get the evidence
Now it's happening again
There's not a lot going on here.
It's still important to see a doctor
I'll go for you to see the doctor
You have to protect your own safety, right?
You are overthinking
What's the danger of seeing a doctor?
Besides, I can't let you go if it's really dangerous.
You wait for me here
I will return if I refuse
When I get back, we'll go get the certificate.